What Works:
- The program runs and displays currency options (USD, AUD, Euro) and prompted the user to choose one.
- User input validation occurs and only allows entries of 1 to 3 for the currency.
- Amount input: validated 1 and 95, checked AUD (divisible by 5).
- Coin denominations were set correctly from user currency selected using arrays.
- The program disconnects and uses single responsible functions, making it clear and maintainable.
- The coin calculations were correct and used a greedy algorithm method to appropriately return the best count of coins. 
- Only the non-zero coin results were printed and the output format was clear.
- The program appears to loop as intended to the users input for continuing based on the continue prompt ('Y or 'y'). 
- The code compiled and ran without any error for all intended validations for valid input cases. 
 

What Does not work:
- The application may not handle non-integer or unexpected inputs (e.g. letters, symbols) correctly, if any such input is entered the program could have a crash.
- The input mechanism does not clean the input to omit trailing spaces or newline characters.
- There is no capacity to accept floating-point values or to even have any string-validations (basic checks for input).
- There is no recovery method (e.g. user's accidentally presses enter or types incorrect input beyond validation input).
- The user interface is all text, there is no GUI, or use other inputs for extra visual feedback. 
- Continue input relies only on 'Y' or 'y', it does not prompt the user once for unexpected character input.


Software Used: Malwarebytes
www.malwarebytes.com

-Log Details-
Scan Date: 6/22/2025
Scan Time: 9:58 PM
Log File: 71caef0a-4f92-11f0-9f77-a8934ac43504.json

-Software Information-
Version: 5.3.2.195
Components Version: 134.1.5283
Update Package Version: 1.0.100415
License: Trial

-System Information-
OS: Windows 10 (Build 19045.2965)
CPU: x64
File System: NTFS
User: DESKTOP-3MKUU2T\Admire

-Scan Summary-
Scan Type: Custom Scan
Scan Initiated By: Manual
Result: Completed
Objects Scanned: 4
Threats Detected: 0
Threats Quarantined: 0
Time Elapsed: 0 min, 3 sec

-Scan Options-
Memory: Disabled
Startup: Disabled
File system: Enabled
Archives: Enabled
Rootkits: Disabled
Heuristics: Enabled
PUP: Detect
PUM: Detect

-Scan Details-
Process: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Module: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Key: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Value: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Registry Data: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Data Stream: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Folder: 0
(No malicious items detected)

File: 0
(No malicious items detected)

Physical Sector: 0
(No malicious items detected)

WMI: 0
(No malicious items detected)


(end)